Game started
Player 1 PAWN moved from 6, 3 to 4, 3
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
Player 2 PAWN moved from 1, 4 to 3, 4
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
Player 1 PAWN moved from 4, 3 to 3, 4, capturing Player 2's PAWN
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
Player 2 PAWN moved from 1, 3 to 2, 3
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
Player 1 PAWN moved from 3, 4 to 2, 3, capturing Player 2's PAWN
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@5edf2d38's turn
tmcintyre.boardgame.player.Player@e11e831's turn
